This repository exists to demonstrate that when using pywikibot as a library, third-party families cannot be registered in user-config.py.

In user-config.py, both `register_families_folder` and `register_family_file` are called according to the instructions. Normally it would be unnecessary to call both, but this demonstrates that neither works. `main` raises an `UnknownFamily` exception, making it clear that the family file is not registered. We can see that both registration functions work fine if called in scripts, but it's necessary to call them again even if they're called in user-config.py.

Side note: `pytest` is invoked on each test function separately in order to reset the global state modified by `config2`. This ensures that the order of test execution doesn't matter. I'm not sure why the I/O error happens, but I think it's related to Docker; it doesn't happen when running pytest manually. You can ignore it. I do always get the deprecation warnings, which seems strange since these config files are generated by pywikibot scripts and unchanged apart from the family registration calls.

Steps to reproduce:
-------------------
1. Clone this repository locally.
2. Build an image from the Dockerfile.
3. Run the image to see the problem in action.

Alternatively, simply run `python pwb_example/main.py` if your Python has pywikibot installed.

Traceback:
----------
```py
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "pwb_example/main.py", line 10, in <module>
    main()
  File "pwb_example/main.py", line 5, in main
    site = pywikibot.Site()
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.8/site-packages/pywikibot/__init__.py", line 1239, in Site
    fam = Family.load(fam)
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.8/site-packages/pywikibot/tools/__init__.py", line 1744, in wrapper
    return obj(*__args, **__kw)
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.8/site-packages/pywikibot/family.py", line 1008, in load
    raise UnknownFamily('Family %s does not exist' % fam)
pywikibot.exceptions.UnknownFamily: Family projectgorgon does not exist
```